docs: a lot of updates (#70176)
metabase/metabase: docs/data-modeling/metrics.md

For example, you may want to create a metric that calculates revenue, so people can refer to revenue in their own questions. That way you standardize how revenue is calculated (so you don't end up with five different calculations for the revenue).

> ## Metrics in the query builder

Author: This is vastly more important than the fact that you can save metrics to collections

These collection permissions also interact with the group's [data permissions](../permissions/data.md), which define whether the group can view or query the metric's source data.

## Metrics in the Library

> You can add Metrics to the Library to better surface them to people writing queries in Metabase. See [Library metrics](../data-studio/library.md#metrics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding metrics to your Library, the query builder will display the metrics more prominently in menus. See [Library metrics](../data-studio/library.md#metrics)
```
